moving examples from vault to use-cases section (#1828)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/variables-environment-overrides.md

The [Project **Vault**](/api-testing/vault/#project-vault) is where you can save variables and snippets that will be specific to that Project (i.e., across all tests). Its variables are injected during test execution.

> If the same variable exists in both in the **Company Vault** and Project-specific **Vault**, the one used in the **Project Vault** will win over the **Company Vault**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the same variable exists in both in the **Company Vault** and Project-specific **Vault**, the one used in the **Project Vault** will take precedence over the **Company Vault**.
```

### Overriding Variables, Environments

> When you declare an  variable override (using the [API](/dev/api/api-testing/), [saucectl command line utility](/api-testing/integrations/yaml/#env), or the [**Schedule** tool](/api-testing/schedule-test)) its value will be injected into the test when it is executed.

Author: ```suggestion
When you declare a variable override (using the [API](/dev/api/api-testing/), [saucectl command line utility](/api-testing/integrations/yaml/#env), or the [**Schedule** tool](/api-testing/schedule-test)) its value will be injected into the test when it is executed.
```
